---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harbor_robot_accounts Data Source - terraform-provider-harbor"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# harbor_robot_accounts (Data Source)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harbor_robot_accounts" "example" {
  name = "example-robot"
}

output "robot_account_ids" {
  value = [data.harbor_robot_accounts.example.robot_accounts.*.id]
}
```

## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the robot account to filter by.
- `level` (String) Level of the robot account, currently either `system` or `project`. Default is `system`.
- `project_id` (Number) The id of the project within harbor.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `robot_accounts` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--robot_accounts))

<a id="nestedatt--robot_accounts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `robot_accounts`

A list of robot accounts matching the previous arguments. Each `robot_account` object provides the attributes documented below.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the robot account.
- `name` (String) The name of the robot account.
- `description` (String) The description of the robot account.
- `level` (String) The level of the robot account, currently either `system` or `project`.
- `duration` (Number) The number of days before the robot account expires. A value of `-1` means the robot account will not expire.
- `disable` (Boolean) Indicates whether the robot account is disabled.

This data source retrieves a list of Harbor robot accounts and filters them based on the `name`, `level` and `project_id` arguments. It returns a list of `robot_account` objects, each containing the `id`, `name`, `description`, `level`, `duration` and `disable` attributes of a robot account that matches the filter criteria.
