---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harbor_config_auth Resource - terraform-provider-harbor"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# harbor_config_auth (Resource)

## Example Usage

### OIDC

```terraform
resource "harbor_config_auth" "oidc" {
  auth_mode          = "oidc_auth"
  primary_auth_mode  = true
  oidc_name          = "azure"
  oidc_endpoint      = "https://login.microsoftonline.com/{GUID goes here}/v2.0"
  oidc_client_id     = "OIDC Client ID goes here"
  oidc_client_secret = "ODDC Client Secret goes here"
  oidc_scope         = "openid,email"
  oidc_verify_cert   = true
  oidc_auto_onboard  = true
  oidc_user_claim    = "name"
  oidc_admin_group   = "administrators"
}
```

### LDAP

```terraform
resource "harbor_config_auth" "ldap" {
  auth_mode            = "ldap_auth"
  primary_auth_mode    = true
  ldap_url             = "openldap.default.svc.cluster.local:389"
  ldap_search_dn       = "cn=admin,dc=example,dc=org"
  ldap_search_password = "Not@SecurePassw0rd"
  ldap_base_dn         = "dc=example,dc=org"
  ldap_uid             = "email"
  ldap_verify_cert     = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `auth_mode` (String) Harbor authentication mode. Can be `"oidc_auth"`, `"db_auth"` or `"ldap_auth"`. (Default: `"db_auth"`)

### Required, OIDC

The following are required if `auth_mode` is `oidc_auth`

- `oidc_client_id` (String) The client id for the oidc server.
- `oidc_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secert for the oidc server.
- `oidc_endpoint` (String) The URL of an OIDC-complaint server.
- `oidc_name` (String) The name of the oidc provider name.
- `oidc_scope` (String) The scope sent to OIDC server during authentication. It has to contain `“openid”`.
- `oidc_verify_cert` (Boolean) Set to `false` if your OIDC server is using a self-signed certificate.

### Optional, OIDC

- `oidc_admin_group` (String) All members of this group get Harbor admin permissions.
- `oidc_auto_onboard` (Boolean) Default is `"false"`, set to `"true"` if you want to skip the user onboarding screen, so user cannot change its username
- `oidc_group_filter` (String) The OIDC group filter to filter which groups could be onboarded to Harbor.
- `oidc_groups_claim` (String) The name of the claim in the token whose values is the list of group names.
- `oidc_user_claim` (String) Default is `name`
- `oidc_logout` (Boolean) Set to `true` if you want to enable OIDC Session Logout (Default: `false`) can only be used with Harbor version v2.13 and above

### Required, LDAP

The following are required if `auth_mode` is `"ldap_auth"`

- `ldap_base_dn` (String) A user's DN who has the permission to search the LDAP/AD server.
- `ldap_uid` (String) The attribute used in a search to match a user. It could be uid, cn, email, sAMAccountName or other attributes depending on your LDAP/AD.
- `ldap_url` (String) The ldap server. Required when auth_mode is set to ldap.
- `ldap_verify_cert` (Boolean) Verify Cert from LDAP Server.

### Optional, LDAP

- `ldap_filter` (String) ldap filters
- `ldap_group_admin_dn` (String) Specify an LDAP group DN. All LDAP user in this group will have harbor admin privilege
- `ldap_group_base_dn` (String) The base DN from which to look up a group in LDAP/AD
- `ldap_group_filter` (String) The filter to look up an LDAP/AD group
- `ldap_group_gid` (String) The attribute used in a search to match a group
- `ldap_group_membership` (String) The attribute indicates the membership of LDAP group
- `ldap_group_scope` (String) The scope to search for groups
- `ldap_group_uid` (String) The attribute used in a search to match a user
- `ldap_scope` (String) LDAP Group Scope
- `ldap_search_dn` (String) The base DN from which to look up a user in LDAP/AD.
- `ldap_search_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the user that will perform the LDAP search

### Optional

- `primary_auth_mode` (Boolean) Default is `false`, set to `true` if you want to use the OIDC or LDAP mode as the primary auth mode.

#### Notes
`primary_auth_mode` can only be used with Harbor version v2.8.0 and above

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
