---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harbor_preheat_instance Resource - terraform-provider-harbor"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# harbor_preheat_instance (Resource)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```terraform
resource "harbor_preheat_instance" "example" {
  name     = "example-preheat-instance"
  vendor   = "dragonfly"
  endpoint = "http://example.com"
}
```

### Usage with Authentication

```terraform
resource "harbor_preheat_instance" "example" {
  name       = "example-preheat-instance"
  vendor     = "dragonfly"
  endpoint   = "http://example.com"
  auth_mode  = "BASIC"
  username   = "example-user"
  password   = "example-password"
}
```

## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the preheat instance.
- `vendor` (String) The vendor of the preheat instance. Must be either "dragonfly" or "kraken".
- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint of the preheat instance.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the preheat instance. Defaults to an empty string.
- `auth_mode` (String) The authentication mode for the preheat instance. Must be either "NONE", "BASIC", or "OAUTH". Defaults to "NONE".
- `username` (String) The username for the preheat instance. Required if `auth_mode` is "BASIC". Defaults to an empty string.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the preheat instance. Required if `auth_mode` is "BASIC". Defaults to an empty string.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The token for the preheat instance. Required if `auth_mode` is "OAUTH". Defaults to an empty string.
- `default` (Boolean) Whether the preheat instance is the default instance. Defaults to false.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the preheat instance is enabled. Defaults to true.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Whether to allow insecure connections to the preheat instance. Defaults to false.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the preheat instance.

## Import

The `harbor_preheat_instance` resource can be imported using the preheat instance ID.

```sh
terraform import harbor_preheat_instance.example /p2p/preheat/instances/example-preheat-instance
```